docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  image:
    light: ./images/toledocodes-logo.png
    dark: ./images/toledocodes-logo-dark.png
    alt: Toledo Codes
  tagline: We are a community of software developers, designers, entrepreneurs, and tech enthusiasts in the Toledo area. We meet every month to talk about technology, software development, and more.
  actions:
    - theme: alt
      text: Meet the Organizers
      link: /organizers/
    - theme: alt
      text: Meet the Partners
      link: /partners/
    - theme: alt
      text: Read the Code of Conduct
      link: /code-of-conduct/

survey:
  title: Help Shape Our Future!
  tagline: Take our 5-minute community survey to influence our 2025 meetups and help build the tech community you want to see.
  link: /survey/
  buttonText: Take the Survey →

upcoming_event:
  title: Toledo Codes Demo Day
  tagline: Join us for our upcoming Demo Day! Show off what you're working on or see what others in the community are building.
  link: https://lu.ma/event/evt-O68fToUQvFFuCOZ
  buttonText: Register for Demo Day

features:
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://lu.ma/toledocodes">Monthly Meetup</a>
    details: Checkout our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://lu.ma/toledocodes">lu.ma</a> page to RSVP for the next meetup.
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.youtube.com/@ToledoCodes">Talks</a>
    details: Visit our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.youtube.com/@ToledoCodes">YouTube channel</a> to watch our livestreams and access our growing library of past sessions.
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="/submit-talk/">Submit a talk</a>
    details: Interested in speaking at our meetup? Submit a talk <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="/submit-talk/">here</a>! Talks of all types and skill levels are welcome.
---

Commit message:

Update upcoming event section to feature "Putting the You in User Research" talk, replacing Toledo Codes Demo Day details with new title, tagline, link, and registration button.

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  image:
    light: ./images/toledocodes-logo.png
    dark: ./images/toledocodes-logo-dark.png
    alt: Toledo Codes
  tagline: We are a community of software developers, designers, entrepreneurs, and tech enthusiasts in the Toledo area. We meet every month to talk about technology, software development, and more.
  actions:
    - theme: alt
      text: Meet the Organizers
      link: /organizers/
    - theme: alt
      text: Meet the Partners
      link: /partners/
    - theme: alt
      text: Read the Code of Conduct
      link: /code-of-conduct/

survey:
  title: Help Shape Our Future!
  tagline: Take our 5-minute community survey to influence our 2025 meetups and help build the tech community you want to see.
  link: /survey/
  buttonText: Take the Survey →

upcoming_event:
  title: Putting the You in User Research
  tagline: "Build GOOD software that users WANT to use: How engineers can bridge the gap between technical excellence and user needs."
  link: https://lu.ma/shbrykbx
  buttonText: Register for the next talk →

features:
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://lu.ma/toledocodes">Monthly Meetup</a>
    details: Checkout our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://lu.ma/toledocodes">lu.ma</a> page to RSVP for the next meetup.
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.youtube.com/@ToledoCodes">Talks</a>
    details: Visit our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.youtube.com/@ToledoCodes">YouTube channel</a> to watch our livestreams and access our growing library of past sessions.
  - title: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="/submit-talk/">Submit a talk</a>
    details: Interested in speaking at our meetup? Submit a talk <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="/submit-talk/">here</a>! Talks of all types and skill levels are welcome.
---
